fix: Insert data guide (#1900)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/build-apps/how-to-guides/insert-data.md

---
description: This page shows you how to insert data in Appsmith. 

---
# Insert Data

This guide shows you how to insert data into a datasource using the Form widget in a new page and a Modal. It explains steps to bind data to widgets, validate user input, and configure query.

## Using new page
To insert data in a new page, follow these steps:
1. Add a Button widget. Set the widget's **onClick** event to open a new page by selecting the **Navigate to** action and selecting the appropriate page.
   For more information, see [navigateTo](/reference/appsmith-framework/widget-actions/navigate-to).
2. In the new page, create a Form widget to capture the details you want to insert.
3. You can update fields dynamically by setting the events of the widgets to bind data to other fields in the Form.

>    For example, to set the `offerCode` based on the selection of `location` for a new offer use the following code:

Reviewer: Just write example. Below the example, give them context of what is the use of that code

Author: Done

   ```jsx
   {{ offerCode.setText(location.selectedOptionValue + code) }}
   ```

>    For more information, see [Dynamic data mapping](/reference/widgets/list#dynamic-data-mapping).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information, see [Bind Data to Wdigets](/core-concepts/building-ui/dynamic-ui).
```
